Add Jump Start example stock-api-fastapi (#65)
posit-dev/connect-extensions: extensions/stock-api-fastapi/README.md

# FastAPI Stock Pricing Service

## About this example

> An API allows you to turn your models into production services that other tools and teams can use. APIs are a great way for software engineering teams to use your models without translating them into different languages.

Reviewer: I'm gonna have the exact same comments about these sentences :)

```suggestion
APIs allow you to turn your models into production services that other tools and teams can use without translating them into different languages.
```

Reviewer 2: Yeah the original descriptions are leaning a lot on the names to differentiate them the API jump starts from each other. 

I do think @cgraham-rs has a point about the descriptions already being provided for us. We can always make an additional pass once we get these in.
